W-14557165: Updated User flows for overriding security configuration through file (#2589)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: sftp/2.1/modules/ROOT/pages/sftp-security-configuration-override.adoc

= Configure Security Parameters of SSH Connection

>  The following example shows how to configure the Anypoint Connector for SFTP (SFTP Connector) to override security parameters using Anypoint Studio.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example shows how to configure the Anypoint Connector for SFTP (SFTP Connector) to override security parameters using Anypoint Studio.
```

Reviewer: (created a formatting error)

== Create a Configuration Override File

Follow these steps to create the file:

. Navigate to your `src/main/resources` folder.
. Create a config file, for example, `mule_sshd_config` with the following SSHD content. The file follows the format of an `sshd_config` file:
+
[source,xml,linenums]
----
KexAlgorithms ecdh-sha2-nistp521,ecdh-sha2-nistp384,ecdh-sha2-nistp256,diffie-hellman-group18-sha512,diffie-hellman-group17-sha512,diffie-hellman-group16-sha512,diffie-hellman-group14-sha256
Ciphers aes128-cbc,aes128-ctr,aes192-cbc,aes192-ctr,aes256-cbc,aes256-ctr
HostKeyAlgorithms ssh-rsa,rsa-sha2-256,rsa-sha2-512
MACs hmac-sha1,hmac-sha2-256,hmac-sha2-512
----
image::sftp-override-config-file-contents.png[Contents of the override config file]

[start=3]

> . Configure the keys and values accordingly. If you do not provide any key, then default values are taken into consideration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Configure the keys and values accordingly. If you do not provide a key, then default values are used.
```

Reviewer: I would try to change "accordingly" to "according to [whatever it is dependent on]" if you know what that means. For the second part, I am not sure what you mean by taken into consideration. Does it evaluate them? Might say "evaluated and used."

> The following example shows where the config file is present in  the`src/main/resources` folder:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example shows the location of the config file within  the `src/main/resources` folder:
```

image::sftp-override-config-file-location.png[Location of the override config file]

== Configure the Override File in Anypoint Studio

Follow these steps to configure the override file:

. In Studio, navigate to the *Global Elements* tab.
. In the Choose Global Type window, type `sftp` in the search bar.
. Select *SFTP Config*.
. Click *OK*.

> . Go to *Advanced* Tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Go to the *Advanced* Tab.
```

> . Under *Security Configuration* provide `SSH Config Override File`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Under *Security Configuration*, provide `SSH Config Override File`.
```

Reviewer: Consider select or enter instead.

> . Provide the path to the file. Example: `${app.home}/mule_sshd_config`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Enter the path to the file. Example: `${app.home}/mule_sshd_config`.
```

. Complete the remaining connection fields.
. Click *Test Connection...*.
. Click *OK*.

image::sftp-override-security-parameters.png[SFTP Configuration with preferred authentication field set to GSSAPI_WITH_MIC]

In the *Configuration XML* editor window, the configuration looks like this:

[source,xml,linenums]
----
<sftp:config name="SFTP_Config" doc:name="SFTP Config" >
    <sftp:connection host="localhost" sshConfigOverride="${app.home}/mule_sshd_config">
    </sftp:connection>
</sftp:config>
----

== Verify the Override File Creation

Consider the following points when verifying the file creation:

> *  Search for the log `Read the config file` and verify that the filename and the configuration values fetched from the file are valid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Search for the log `Read the config file` and verify that the filename and the configuration values fetched from the file are valid.
```
